I'll tell you this one time
what you missed on Shameless.
Next time, I'm gonna break
both of your fucking kneecaps.
Okay?
Okay. This is what
you fucking missed.
I slept with my ex.
- Since we've been married?
- Yesterday.
- My class schedule
didn't come through.
The registrar said my financial
aid pack was incomplete.
Forms should have been
sent to your house
at the beginning of
summer--registered mail.
I just had to take out
a $5,000 cash advance
because nobody told me about
these goddamn fucking papers.
Hi, we're here to
see Ian Gallagher.
This place is already
wigging me the fuck out
There he is.
And look who's here.
- Just the sedation.
- I'm, uh--I'm gonna go.
Where the fuck is everybody?
[grunts]
- Kev and I are separating.
- What?
The only thing he cares
about is the damn babies.
- She's living upstairs.
- You moved out?
No.
Maybe.
I no longer live in
Milkovich house.
I stay here now.
[groans]
- What the hell?
- My proposition includes
cook, clean,
and wifely duty.
Duty?
This isn't right.
Oh, no. No.
Oh! Oh.
Consider it like rent check.
Get out of
my house, Frank.
Frank, if you don't get out
right now,
I will shoot you.
You don't have the guts.
[gunshot]
- ouch! Ooh.
- I love you, daddy.
- Yeah. I love you too, Sammi.
[rock music]
♪ ♪
♪ Think of all the luck
you got ♪
♪ Know that
it's not for naught ♪
♪ You were beaming once before ♪
♪ But it's not like that
anymore ♪
♪ What is this downside ♪
♪ That you speak of? ♪
♪ What is this feeling ♪
♪ You're so sure of? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Round up the friends you got ♪
♪ Know that
they're not for naught ♪
♪ You were willing once before ♪
♪ But it's not like that
anymore ♪
♪ What is this downside ♪
♪ That you speak of? ♪
♪ What is this feeling ♪
♪ You're so sure of? ♪
(Sammi)
Okay.
Rise and shine!
(Frank)
[groans]
Ian's coming home from the
cuckoo's nest this morning.
So let's all make a little
effort to make him feel welcome.
Yes, dear.
Good thinking.
Breakfast in five.
- My mom shot you.
- Yes, she did.
I don't get why just don't use
her face for target practice.
Because prison
is no place for a man
with naturally
tight glutes.
Skank bitch did it to you.
It'd just be self-defense.
Not after the fact.
And, son, it's important
to know the difference
between a skank bitch
and a deranged psychopath.
Your sister Sammi
is the latter.
So?
So, when you have
a skank bitch
in your house,
you stand up to her.
You push back.
Eventually she leaves.
But with a psychopath, you have
to take a different approach.
But in the end,
she will crawl back
to the syphilis-ridden gutter
from whence she came,
and I will reclaim
my bedroom and my life.
She started the war,
but I'll win it.
War!
Boom, boom, boom!
That's right,
my little eggplant.
Boom, boom, boom.
Boom, indeed.
Whatever.
I'm out.
Off to deal drugs
on a Saturday morning?
- Yep.
- Impressive work ethic, son.
You do your old man proud.
[knock at door]
- What?
(Muff)
It's Muff. Is Amanda in there?
- No.
- Bullshit.
Tell her I'm not fucking
leaving till she faces me.
Turns out lesbians
are super possessive.
(Muff)
I fucking love you, Amanda.
I fucking love you,
you bitch!
I let her go down on me,
like, twice,
and now she thinks
we're married.
Right. So what do you
want to do?
'Cause I have to pick up
my brother in a few minutes.
Amanda,
come out here and face me!
I'll let you borrow my car
if I can hide under your bed.
- Yeah, done.
Hang on.
I haven't come yet.
- Right.
- Be quiet, though.
(Muff)
I fucking love you.
Easy, killer.
Whose face are you
picturing on that bag?
- Monica.
- Who's that?
- My mother.
- Mother?
I thought she was dead.
Not dead,
just gone.
She stayed around long
enough to ruin our lives
and pass on all her
fucked up genes.
You're worried about
your brother?
You know what?
Maybe he'll
still be okay,
'cause, you know,
my dad's got hemorrhoids,
and I got 'em too,
but way less bad.
You're awesome.
[vibrator buzzing]
[rat squeaks]
Motherfucker!
Stop!
- 'Sup, G-Dogg?
- "'Sup"?
Boy, you been blessed
with an education.
Try to sound like it.
- What is up?
- [chuckles]
Try "good morning, sir."
- Good morning, sir.
- Good morning, Carl.
And congratulations.
You just got a promotion.
- I did?
- Look, one of my runners took
a bullet this morning,
so I need you to take a run
for me this afternoon.
A run?
To where?
Flint, Michigan.
- Hey.
[sighs]
I can't believe
we're back here.
I know.
It makes me
want to throw up.
Yeah.
You still married?
I think so.
I'm not sure.
Gus is silent.
[chuckles]
And you know how good I do
with silence.
Right. Yeah.
Silence in our house
usually means
someone stopped
breathing.
Exactly.
Anyway, he's going on tour
for a while, so...
I don't know.
Maybe it's a good thing.
You figure out tuition?
No.
No, I got an idea,
though.
Is it an idea that
could land you in jail?
You're here for Ian Gallagher?
both: Yeah.
Come with me.
I thought Mickey
would be here.
Yeah?
I didn't.
[door clatters]
[refrigerator door opens,
closes]
Bipolar one, acute mania
with psychotic features.
- This means--
- No, we know what it means.
Can we take him home?
I understand that there's
a family history,
and that this diagnosis
is difficult to hear,
but I do need to go over a few
specifics as regards to Ian.
He's resisting his diagnosis.
We had to make med-compliance
a requirement for his release.
All right, so what, you're
saying we need to hold him down
and make him take his meds?
Well, I'm saying that
it will take his meds about two
weeks to really start working.
Until then, yes, I am suggesting
he be carefully supervised.
I'm giving you a one-week
supply of antipsychotics,
mood stabilizers
and sedatives.
He needs to take one pill
from each bottle,
with food,
three times a day.
You have a week to get him
to a psychiatrist
if he's insured and--
Or a clinic if he's not,
which he's not.
We know the drill.
Don't be surprised
if he mostly sleeps
until his meds are
properly balanced.
Ian should be here
shortly.
Good luck.
Fuck.
Yeah.
Hey.
Hi, baby.
You ready?
- Hey, what's up, Gina?
- Morning, Kev.
I hear you got some kind of--
[screams]
Yeah, I've been
wanting to talk
about these
working conditions.
[blender whirring]
- Ow!
- Hold still.
- Ooh.
- Ugh.
I think it's infected.
We have to take you
back to the E.R.
I still don't understand
why you shot him, mama.
Because, Chuckie, fatherhood
comes with responsibilities
that go far beyond shooting
sperm into a "v" hole.
And I have decided it's time
to teach your grandfather
those responsibilities,
because, clearly,
he never learned them.
He's like an untrained dog
who keeps shitting
all over the house,
so we have three options--
run the dog over, send the dog
back to the pound to be gassed,
or train the dog.
And I am choosing
to train this dog.
Isn't that the option
you prefer, daddy?
Yes, it is, dear, and
I really appreciate
you taking such
good care of me.
- Hey, look who's home.
- Ian!
- Hey.
- Well, would you look at this.
(Sammi)
It's like a great big
family reunion.
There's more than enough food
for everyone, okay?
- Ian!
- Aww, look at that.
(Lip)
Hey, you want some coffee, Ian?
Oh, no. I'm tired. I just need
to lay down for a bit.
(Lip)
All right.
He's totally Monica.
Without the great ass.
He's just overmedicated
for now, Debs.
Don't worry. I'm moving
back in for a little while.
- Gonna keep an eye on him.
- Uh, I don't understand.
I got this now.
And I thought you were married.
- I am, but family comes first.
- You got married?
But your husband
is your family.
Okay, fine, but Gus is going
on tour with his band,
- So it only--
- Oh, my god.
You can't let him go
on tour without you.
Wait, did you really
get married?
(Debbie)
What do you care?
Fiona, in my younger days,
I slept with every member
of the Guns 'n' Roses
cover band Buns 'n' Hoses.
And that would matter
to me why?
Because they all had wives
they left back at home.
I am telling you,
the 1,000-mile rule--
that's real.
The 1,000-mile rule?
Yeah, when you're on tour
1,000 miles away from your wife,
adultery doesn't count.
How do you know that?
How'd you not know it?
You okay here?
Yeah, go.
Thanks for coming today.
I'm the goddamn
father of the bride.
Why didn't I get
an invitation?
Because you're
an untrained dog, pops,
and no one wants you
shitting on the floor.
I got to go to work.
Debs, he already had
them this morning
so his next dose
is at lunchtime,
- With food or milk.
- Okay, got it.
If he doesn't want
to take them, call me.
- I'll come help.
- okay.
And he'll probably
just sleep today,
but keep a
close eye, okay?
I will.
- Hey, where you been?
- Ian home?
- Yeah.
- Sweet.
- Yo, Phillip.
- Thought you were in school.
Yeah. No, I was. I just--
I have a little tuition problem.
So what, you pulling
a Frank, day drinking?
No. Listen, I need to make
bank, right, and fast.
I'm talking Oprah money
or they kick me out of school.
Look, man, I'd love
to help you out, but...
I only got, like, $23.75
in the till.
No, listen, listen,
I was thinking...
We start up the
ice cream truck again,
except this time
without the truck.
- I don't get it.
- Well, it's dorms, right?
I mean, they're a permanent
ice cream truck.
Look, I'm the R.A.,
which is, like, king
of the fucking dorms,
and it's pledge week,
which means
everybody's wasted 24-7--
seller's market.
Yeah, man, I hear ya.
I got kids now.
Yeah, I know, which is why
you need the money.
Hey, Kermit.
You ever bartend before?
At my niece's wake.
It was a sad, sad day.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Hey, bartend for me
for a little bit
and wait for V,
and then you get
to drink for free all week.
I always wanted
to go to college.
Sorry.
Didn't mean to wake you.
You got any water?
Thanks.
What's it feel like
to be crazy?
Um, like I'm under
a wet blanket...
and cotton mouth.
They give you
shock therapy?
No.
Could be me next,
you know.
You ever think about
painting yourself
and running around naked?
I think about that.
Or flying?
I dream about that.
That doesn't make you
crazy, you know.
What about pushing someone
on the tracks
when the train's coming?
- You ever thought about that?
- No.
I heard about some guy that
thought he had x-ray vision
and could see girls' titties
through their clothes.
Maybe it's not that bad.
You ever been to Michigan?
Hey.
You move back in?
- No, just visiting.
- Hey, there, neighbors.
Hey, how's the
separation going?
- I have a date tonight.
- With Kev?
No, with Eddie Murphy--
not the real Eddie Murphy,
an ex I found on Facebook.
I don't know if
I'm gonna go.
Hey, hi.
As you know, Lisa and I
purchased this plot of land,
and we are turning it into...
drumroll...
- A community garden.
- Don't go, V.
I'm serious.
Learn from my stupid mistake.
As members of this community,
we encourage you to join
for just a $2,000 buy-in.
That'll cover the cost
of the plots, the fence,
the irrigation system,
- And the chicken coop.
- Wow, just $2,000?
Yeah. Sadly, your aboveground
pool will have to go.
But, hey, it's fall.
You won't need it
till next summer, so...
thanks for taking it down.
Okay. Good--good talk.
This neighborhood
has gone to shit.
Right?
Check it out.
My boss gave me a shit ton
of drugs to take
on a bus to Michigan.
Oh, my god.
- You really improved at math.
- No, somebody got shot.
- Give your old man a taste.
- I will if you come with me.
But you got to buy
your bus ticket.
Dad, your pills.
Oh, thank you, dear.
Listen, uh, I was thinking
of taking a little field trip
with young Carl
this afternoon.
Get in some father-son bonding.
Oh, that's a nice idea...
for tomorrow.
But today we've got to
go to the hospital
to get your wound checked,
and I promised Chuckie
that after that,
you'll teach him to toss
a ball with your good arm.
Uh, of course.
That's a better plan.
Good.
All right.
Hop to.
Put the drugs on Chuckie.
Just strap him up.
Why?
Because you're 14,
you look like a criminal,
the cops can spot
you a mile off,
while Chuckie--they take
one look at that mongoloid,
and all they want
to do is look away.
Here.
Buy him a bus ticket.
Yeah?
And give your old man
a taste for the effort.
[cell phone ringing]
Ian's bipolar
with psychosis.
You knew that
already, right?
Knowing it and having
a lifelong diagnosis
are two very
different things.
Got it. Sorry.
Meanwhile, Gus
is going on tour
for I don't even know how long,
and apparently that means
he's gonna fuck groupies
in every state.
- He said that?
- No, 'cause he hasn't said
more than ten words to me
in three days.
In fairness to him, that is
my fucking fault, but still.
He's giving you that cold,
silent thing.
Yeah. And I don't know
what to do with that.
I keep waiting
for the fight-and-fuck.
- The what?
- You know, the big fight--
blood, tears, screaming--
and then you fuck,
and then it's over.
But Gus isn't like that.
And with this silent thing,
it's, like, never over.
Usually the silent thing
from a guy means it's over
and he hasn't told you yet.
- The fight?
- No, the marriage.
You have not told him that
you don't want him to go?
No, I was giving
him space.
Speaking as somebody
who's sabotaged
more than one marriage,
I'm not sure space is what
he needs from you
right now.
Groveling might be
a better idea.
- [scoffs]
- You think I'm kidding?
I'm not.
You should beg him like a dog.
Beg him not to go.
- I got tables.
- Okay, it's your divorce.
[scoffs] You're kind of
a dick, you know that?
Yeah.
Have we met?
Asshead, get in.
I thought you said
we were going to play catch.
What's in those bags, Carl?
Horse.
Why are you taping horse
to my tummy?
Because I'm your uncle
and your my niece.
And you do what I say.
I think you mean nephew.
I think I mean keep
your mouth shut
and keep it shut
no matter what,
and don't tell anyone
a word about this,
or else I'll tie a fucking
tire around your tummy
and set it on fire,
even if you are my niece.
Okay, uncle Carl.
[psychedelic rock music]
♪ ♪
Which one's your room?
I'm not going
to my room.
Too many drop-ins.
Kid attempted suicide
in this room, so it's empty.
We can set up
shop in here.
Oh, yeah, the kid weighed,
like, 320 pounds.
He tried to hang himself.
I think it was more
of a cry for help
than an actual
attempt, though.
I know it sounds depressing,
but, you know,
really, the kid just got some
bruises on his fourth chin.
No, no, no, no.
It's just--
I miss my girls,
you know, that's it.
Hey, do you mind
if I call 'em?
Yeah, go for it.
Do your thing.
[phone ringing]
- Da?
- Hey, Svet, it's Kev.
How they doing?
They are napping
with Veronica.
Great.
It's good, isn't it?
Yeah. It's possible she give
them vodka to help sleep,
but worse things
happen in world.
Yah. Listen, I'm gonna be
gone most of the day
and, uh, maybe tonight, so can
you help out V in any way?
And also tell her that I need
her to cover the bar
for me tonight?
Cover bar with babies?
Oh, god. Maybe I should just
check on it
and have Debbie babysit.
Ah, it's okay.
I babysit.
(Kev)
Oh, Svet, thank--
You okay?
Yeah.
Just uh--
Well, hey, can you, uh,
be sad and roll joints
at the same time?
There's 18 frats
on this campus.
I want to hit 'em all.
Where are we going?
Michigan.
- When will we be back?
- Tonight.
I miss my mom.
Be a good little niece,
and there's more
junk food where
that came from.
[dog barking]
You alone?
Uncle Carl?
[dogs barking]
Sorry about that.
This new liver
really churns 'em out--
three craps a day,
like I'm 18 again.
That's good, dad--
healthy.
But why don't we cover
your ass while we wait, huh?
Hey.
Frequent flier Frank.
- What's that?
- You. Frequent flier Frank.
You're a bit of a legend
around these parts.
Honor to finally meet you.
I sense sarcasm.
I smell infection.
Mm.
Have you been cleaning
this regularly?
I have, but he had
a liver transplant last year
and with the antirejection
meds, his healing process
has been a little wonky.
Got it.
How'd you get shot?
He was cleaning his gun,
and it backfired.
He was cleaning his gun, and
it backfired into his outer arm?
Uh-huh.
You sure about
that story, Frank?
- He is.
- I am.
As a matter of fact,
I'm glad it happened,
because Sammi is such
a good caregiver,
and it affords me
extra time with her.
You see, I missed the first
30-some-odd years of her life,
and I think I can safely say
we both enjoy me being hurt.
Aww.
Daddy.
Mm.
[moaning]
Oh, Kev.
Oh, my--
[gasps]
Uh...
What the--
What the fuck?
I cook, I clean,
wifely duties.
You are landlord.
I am tenant.
Uh, are you kidding?
I'm not gay.
Ah, what is gay?
This is not about love.
This is about
oral manipulation
of sex organs
as stress relief.
No stress is good
for bond with babies.
Tongue is tongue, no?
What the hell?
I'm halfway home already.
♪ Hey all you kooky kids
out there ♪
♪ Get down
to the dizzy x sound ♪
[all cheering]
[all chanting "Drink!"]
♪ ♪
♪ Head down now ♪
[all cheering]
♪ Days go up in San Francisco ♪
♪ Know there's a giant up
in Carolina ♪
♪ Blew that do that ♪
♪ Don't you want
to make it fat ♪
♪ Kick it up shout it out ♪
♪ Just because you can because
a holiday come ♪
Ian!
Ian?
Hey, there.
Uh, Ian, isn't it?
I remember that 'cause
that's my therapist's name,
and he's a ginger too.
[chuckles]
Anyway, uh, I was wondering
when you think
you might be able to get
to taking down this pool.
Mm, well...
I'm coming down off some
heavy lithium right now...
but maybe
in an hour or two.
Perfect.
(Debbie)
Ian!
Oh, my god,
there you are.
Here I am.
Ian, what happened
to all your pills?
They're gone.
Yeah, I-I can see that
they're gone, but gone where?
Did you swallow them?
No. They're flushed.
Ian, why would you
do that?
They make me
feel awful, Debs,
like life is not
worth living.
I feel so much better
just knowing they're gone.
You know what I find
really moving, Sammi?
The way you love
that boy of yours.
- You messing with me?
- No.
No, my Monica didn't have
much interest in our brood.
Her love was transient
at best--fickle.
Fact is, she left us
high and dry.
But the way you
are with Chuckie,
he's the center of your world,
and you'd never leave him.
I-I find that...
inspiring, sincerely.
Thanks. Dad...
[cell phone ringing]
That means a lot.
Hello?
What?
Wait.
Who--who is?
What?
He was what?
I'd like to make
a concerned citizen report
about a large satchel
filled with hard drugs.
N-n-no, I demand
a lawyer. I--
I demand you stop
questioning him right now!
Wait--wait. I'm coming.
Let me talk to Chuckie!
Put Chuckie on the
god damn phone right now.
There's some sort of
an emergency.
You really think I can
ask him not to go on tour?
- No.
- Then why'd you suggest it?
Because I'm trying to hasten
the end of this thing
you're calling a marriage.
I can't tell if
you're kidding or not.
Yeah.
Neither can I.
- I'm asking for your advice.
- Yeah, I know.
But it's
complicated for me.
Wait. You're the one
that said we couldn't--
Yeah, I know. I'm, um--I'm
just calling a spade a spade.
You need to decide
what you want here.
- With you?
- With your husband. Keep up.
I'm trying.
Okay, walking on eggshells and
sitting around feeling guilty
isn't a decision.
You need to make a decision.
I told him what I did.
I told him I was sorry.
I sent Jimmy away.
What the fuck else
am I supposed to do?
You're scrappy, Fiona.
You know how to fight.
Don't pretend you don't
know how to fight.
- So?
- So either fight
for this marriage
or cut him loose.
Let him lick his wounds
and move on.
You know, this halfway thing
you're doing,
giving him space,
is kind of fucked, right?
If this is a relationship
you want to save,
then you got
to fucking save it.
- Fiona?
- Hey. You okay?
- I'm sorry.
It's all my fault.
I'm so sorry.
What happened?
He flushed his pills.
- 37, 50, 750,
1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
That's $756.
[clears throat]
Your outstanding bill
is still over $6,000.
I know, and I'll keep
making the payments.
It's unusual for us
to take payments in cash.
Honestly, it's unusual for
us to take payments at all.
Yeah. No, I get that,
and I, uh--
you know, I really,
really appreciate
your patience with me.
Phillip--
It's, uh, lip.
I figure I-I'm gonna
be here a lot.
We might as well
get to know one another.
Lip, have you considered
taking a semester off,
working and saving
your money?
You can come back
next semester
with your financial aid
paperwork intact
and maybe have a little
extra spending money
in your pocket, instead--
I won't make it back.
My, uh...
my little brother Ian
was just diagnosed bipolar.
You know, and--and every
day I'm here, I ju--
I feel so fucking guilty,
you know,
that I'm not there helping.
You know, and the
only reason I-I stay
is, uh...
you know, I can't help.
Yeah, look, 'cause I
spent my whole life,
uh, trying to help my--
my mom, um...
you know,
has the same disease.
And there's no
help for it...
You know, except the--
the little ones, uh, Debbie
and, uh, and--and Carl
and--and Liam
and my sister Fiona.
You know, I-I could be
there for them,
but I'm not...
you know,
'cause I'm here...
'cause I'm told that--that
staying here,
you know, that's--that's
something I could do
for those kids, you know,
in--in a big way.
You know, in--in a real
way, uh, someday.
So I'm here.
But if I go back
to the house...
well, then I'm in it,
you know, and--and I can't
get back out of it.
You know, so I'm--I'm
gonna keep coming here,
and I'm--I'm gonna keep, uh,
making these payments.
I'm gonna--I'm gonna show up,
and I'm gonna count 'em out,
and then, you know,
that'll be my part.
And your part,
I hope, is, um...
patience.
Please, you know,
I just...
Fuck, I just need
a little time.
One more week
is all I can do.
You need a prescription
for a refill.
I understand that that's
officially true.
But you know that these
prescriptions are only written
for people who do
crazy shit,
like flush their meds
down the toilet
'cause they don't want
to take them,
so maybe you can just
refill them
'cause you know
it's the right thing to do
instead of giving us
the official line.
Officially, I will go
to jail if I do that.
Get a prescription,
and you can have a refill.
Come on.
When did you fall
in love with yours?
There was no falling,
just being.
He comes out,
they hand him to me,
everything changes.
Before Yevgeny,
I was selfish.
Now I would die
before I let him die.
It's simple, complete.
I never made that change.
Kev did.
I didn't.
Some do, some don't.
I hate him for changing,
and he hates me for not.
Because you Americans like
everything to be right or wrong.
If someone is like you,
it is right.
If someone is not,
it is wrong.
But this is not real.
Life is not so this or that,
black and white.
No, you should be happy your
Kev makes these changes,
because if no one does, this is
how babies end up in dumpsters.
I don't give a shit
about Chuckie,
but I'm pretty sure
G-Dogg's gonna kill me.
No, he won't.
There's nothing to be gained
by killing a perfectly
good corner boy.
And it's not your fault that
they came with drug dogs.
That's the luck of the draw.
G-Dogg will understand that.
You really think so?
I'm almost certain.
I'm fucked.
What should I do about Sammi?
Should I run away?
No, it makes you
look guilty.
Stay here, stay cool,
let the storm pass.
(Debbie)
He's not gonna listen.
Well, it doesn't mean
I can't talk.
We need to get meds
and crush 'em up
and put 'em in his food,
like, in a smoothie.
Well, let's let that
be plan "b."
- Where is he?
- Backyard, I think.
- All right.
Flushed your pills?
You get that that's a
full-on Monica move, right?
- I'm not Monica.
- Come on.
Let's go to the clinic.
Let's get you
a new prescription.
No.
Debbie feels like it's her
fault 'cause I left her in ch--
Now you're trying
to manipulate me
like we used to do
with Monica.
- Ian--
- I'm not Monica.
I didn't slash my wrists
over Thanksgiving dinner.
- I went for a drive.
- You took a baby.
I took him...
For a drive, and, yeah, I guess
it was a really long drive,
and I didn't plan ahead...
but I did not hurt
that baby.
I took care of the baby.
I fed the baby.
I sang to the baby.
I love that baby.
I get why everyone's
freaking out,
but, I mean, you pulled
some pretty serious shit
not too long ago and everyone
didn't try to turn on you
and permanently
medicate you.
- I went to jail.
- So did I.
And now I'm out.
I'm not Monica
any more than you are.
[rock music playing on TV]
Debs?
Where's Debbie?
She said something about
going out to buy drugs.
Are you serious?
You couldn't stop her?
I'm injured.
Besides, it'd be
a little hypocritical.
[music stops, dragon roars]
- Debs!
- So strident.
Debbie!
Oh, God damn it.
Debs!
Hey.
What's going on?
What is not going on?
Everything is fucked.
Why are you
dressed like that?
I told you,
I have a date.
And I told you not
to fuck up your life.
I'm not kidding.
I'm serious, V.
Do not fucking do that.
You guys are happy.
And you can be happy again, but
not if you go fuck someone else.
And the two of you--
I mean, I can't handle it
if you can't figure
this shit out, okay?
And--and maybe that's
not fucking fair,
but you guys--
you're Kev and V.
So figure it out.
It's not fair.
Fine.
You're married too,
Fiona.
And you were happy too,
and then you fucked Jimmy.
So figure out your own shit
instead of putting it all on me.
Fine. Fuck.
I'm sorry.
- What?
- Mickey here?
[electric guitar rock]
♪ ♪
Ian fucking sent you?
No, Ian didn't send me.
Ian flushed all his meds
down the freakin' toilet.
What happened to your face?
Nothing.
What the fuck do you want?
Can you help me
get these drugs?
♪ ♪
Iggy!
Can you get that shit?
Who the fuck gets high
on lithium?
- No one.
- So?
So I can't get 'em.
I can get you crack,
crystal, horse, "e."
But this shit, no.
There's no market for it.
I'll take some
fucking crack.
You got money?
♪ ♪
Fine. When are you gonna
come by to see Ian?
He's been home all day.
- Maybe if you were there--
- [belches]
Did you guys break up
or something?
Because I'm pretty sure he
didn't mean to kidnap your baby.
I'm fucking busy,
Peppermint Patty.
Go whine at someone
who gives a shit.
♪ ♪
[music stops]
Frank used to drink
like this.
When Monica was around
and they would fight,
he would angry drink.
It never worked.
He always came back
to her.
You can't drink him away,
Mickey.
It won't work.
- Veronica Fisher.
- Hey.
- You look fine, girl.
- Thank you, Eddie.
You look...yeah.
[both chuckle]
Mmm...
Damn, Princess,
how long has it been?
Long time.
Those lips feel
like yesterday.
Should we sit, or should we
find someplace more private?
I'm sorry, Eddie.
But you look...
yeah.
But I'm married.
And I have twins--
Amy and Gemma.
Oh, I remember
them well.
Hello, Amy...
and Gemma.
That's not what I--
What?
Ew!
Shit.
V?
That's Amy.
You see that little tooth
growing there?
Aw, he's so sad.
Bet I could cheer him up.
Dude. He's, like, 40.
He could be your dad.
So? I like my dad.
Hey. Hi.
- Hey, you guys.
- Did you bring an extra amp?
Yeah. I brought
the extra, extra amp.
I thought that one
was broken.
Lots of hours to fix that
on the road.
So you told 'em, huh?
You didn't tell
your friends?
No, I did.
So you got a minute?
Okay.
Here's what I know.
You're a good guy.
And I'm an asshole.
That's pretty clear.
But you know how I know
I'm changing?
You're a good guy, and I don't
want this to be over.
I hate what I did.
I hate that I hurt you.
And I want to take it back,
and I want to make it right.
And I don't even know
if I really know what love is,
you know, except a thing
that I fuck up all the time.
But you...
I respect
the shit out of you.
And I miss you.
And all day today
when everything in my family
is just falling apart,
I just kept wishing
you were with me.
And that's what I know.
I just need
a couple weeks.
I got to get Ian settled
and get him back on his meds,
cover my shifts
at the diner,
but then I can come,
at least for a little while.
I can help carry shit and make
sandwiches for the guys and--
On--on tour?
In--in the van?
[chuckles]
I want to be with you.
Why is that funny?
Oh, come on, you don't want
to be in the van, Fiona.
It's exhausting,
and it's kind of disgusting.
I mean, it's ju--
it's just--it's a--
it's a bad idea.
Well, I think it's
a bad idea for our marriage
for us to be apart
right now.
I think what was bad
for our marriage
was your decision
to sleep with your ex.
Listen, I-I think it's cool
that you offered,
but I-I need to get out
and think a little.
And you think too.
W-we'll both think.
We didn't think much
before we got married, so...
Will you water my plants?
Okay.
Thanks.
I'll call you from the road.
Trying to give me
shock therapy?
It's supposed to be
good for you.
You need to
plug it in first.
Hi, I'm Dr. Thompson.
Intake said
you're hallucinating?
Yeah. I-I see knives.
I see knives in the walls.
And I want to cut myself.
And I want to cut you!
Have you taken
any drugs today, Debbie?
- No. No.
- It's okay to tell me.
I ran out. I ran out.
I need my lithium.
You're 14, and you've been
diagnosed as bipolar?
Yes, yes,
which is why I need my lithium.
I can give you
a sedative now.
Can you tell me the name of
the doctor that diagnosed you?
I-I don't remember.
And I-I don't need a sedative.
I need my lithium.
I can't write you
for lithium
without your
psychiatrist's consent.
But I-I see knives.
Okay. Well, do you want me
to put you on a 72-hour hold?
- Like in a psych ward?
- Yeah, exactly like.
[scoffs]
Fuck.
- Hey, how's Ian?
- Not good.
Well, what do you mean?
They said
he'd just sleep for the day.
[indistinct shouting]
(Lip)
Hey. Hey.
Hey! Hey--
What's--what's
going on?
My innocent son
is under arrest,
thanks to your brother.
- What--Ian?
- Carl!
Sammi says Carl put drugs
on Chuckie.
- I didn't.
- Carl, if you did that,
then you--
- It's not a question of "if."
There is no way that Chuckie
was smuggling heroin
by himself.
- Heroin?
What the fuck's
the matter with you?
Carl, you have to do
the right thing
and tell the cops
it was you.
No, I don't.
Why would I do the right thing?
Because my son is in jail,
and it is your fault!
He's not going to be
in there for that long--
a week maybe.
He's only ten.
He's 13.
He's a little small
for his age.
You--you mean slow.
You said "small."
But I think you meant "slow."
- I meant what I said.
- Okay.
Fiona? Dad?
Can I get a little backup here?
Uh, best to turn
yourself in, Son.
Chuckie is family
after all.
Thank you.
[knock at door]
(man)
Chicago Police!
Open up!
- Shit!
- Oh--go, run!
- Carl Gallagher?
- He ran that way.
- What the fuck, Sammi?
- Sammi!
- Why would--
- That's right.
I told them it was Carl,
and I told Chuckie
to tell them it was Carl.
[sirens wailing]
[sirens]
[tires screech]
Put your hands
in the air now!
All right, don't shoot.
I'm white.
[handcuffs rattling, clicking]
[all singing indistinctly]
[squeaking]
Looks like a tough night
for the new liver.
[singing continues]
(several voices)
♪ If I don't get rye whiskey ♪
♪ I surely will die ♪
♪ Sometimes I drink whiskey,
sometimes I drink rum ♪
♪ Rye whiskey, rye whiskey,
rye whiskey ♪
♪ Rye whiskey ♪
[several men keep singing]
[shouting, overlapping chatter]
[indistinct singing continues,
overlapping clamor]
(men)
♪ Rye whiskey, rye whiskey ♪
I think this might be
the end with Mickey--
the diagnosis, you know.
Even if I don't believe it,
I'm pretty sure he does.
Well, if it makes you
feel any better,
I already blew it
with my husband,
and I don't even have any kind
of diagnosis to pin it on.
Gallaghers.
That is kind of a diagnosis,
though, right?
[chuckles]
Kind of is.
I miss you guys.
If I do have
to stay at home--
Don't worry.
I'm moving home tonight.
They're still questioning
your brother.
You're probably gonna have
to wait another couple of hours.
Don't say anything!
Ask for a lawyer!
[all shouting]
[pounding on glass,
shouting]
I want a fucking lawyer,
motherfucker.
[cell phone vibrating]
[door opens]
Hey.
Sorry I'm late.
[soft instrumentals]
♪ ♪
(chorus)
♪ Ooh ooh ♪
Hey, Uncle Carl.
I didn't know
we were going to be neighbors.
Will you tell me
a story?